I add an elemental powers into Minecraft
Manhunt. Sunny Siddles and Bibble chase
me down while I try to beat the game
with the elemental powers. However, not
everything really goes to plan. Oh yeah,
I think it's I got him. I got him. I got
him. I got him. We're in the whirlpool
now. Oh, thank you. Oh my god. I'm
getting yanked around. Stop it. Make
sure to like and subscribe. It makes me
happy. Okay, are you guys ready? We're
not starting. We're not starting until I
punch. We have to sit here until I
punch. You guys punch. Oh, he punched
me. Go, go, go. Listen, I need to
complete Ah, I need to complete my first
objective. I need to get one. Will you
guys let me get one, please? Will you
guys please answer? There's a thing
here. Why? Why do Why are we even doing
this? Supposed to be hunting a man. What
does that even What does that mean to
you? Oh my goodness.
I'm just really Hey, get him. Hi. Hey.
Hello. Hello. Wait, he has something.
Wait, he has Wait. Oh, do I have
something there? Oh, dude. Yes, there's
a What? I didn't even read what was on
it. Leave me alone. I need to get wood.
Okay, we're at a village. We're village.
Hey, I have super jump. You can't run
from me. What do you mean you have super
jump? How do you already have super
jump? I'm an air bender. You're an air
bender. Oh gosh. Wait, I haven't even
been assigned to I need to get wood to
see what I'm assigned to. What is What
is that? What does that mean to you?
Yeah. Get out of here. Oh,
are you also fast? What is happening?
Food. Get this food. Get this food. Me.
Okay. Where are you guys? Let's go.
Let's go. I'm grabbing wood. I'm
grabbing wood. Leave me alone. What do
you do about it? Grab this. Grab this.
Grab this. Grab this. Grab this.
Actually, I'm going to grab wood. I got
it. I got it. I completed it. Wait, what
happened? What happened? I sparkled
everywhere. Ability unlocked,
boys. Uh, hey guys. Yeah, come fight me.
Blaze attack.
Hey, I like that. That is good. That's
cheating. Oh, is that cheating? Oh, I'm
so sorry for cheating. Can't do that to
me when I'm in. Blaze,
get Blaze. Wait, what? This back. No,
no, no. Listen, listen, boys. I'm just
simply going to grab some wood and we're
going to be calm about it. Okay, please
attack. Are you having fun? More frogs
on fire, bro. Good. You probably
deserved it. Wait, I need some food.
Okay, let me grab this food and I'm
getting out of here. Ah, wait. No.
You like that? You like that? You like
that? You like that? Do you guys even
have weapons right now? Or you just
being ow. Got them. Got him. Got him.
Easy. No. No. No. No. I'm on my Leave me
alone. Leave me alone. No. I got to I'm
going to burn. I'm going to die.
Literally going to burn. I'm getting out
of here, dude. I'm cheating. I was going
to kill you. I'm getting out of here.
Hey, boys. I'm getting iron. Where are
you guys? Oh, are you now? Don't worry.
We're compassing you. I'm also literally
I have three fours of my iron armor. I'm
about to be done. I have three fourth of
my It's this way. It's this way. Follow
the compass. No, no, no. Don't follow
the compass. Listen, listen, boys. No,
you don't. No, you don't. Why are you
all here? Leave me alone. I see your
Stop it. You No way. Do not take my
stuff. This is my gold. You know what? I
don't even care anymore. Hey bevel. Hey
bevel on you. They will take my fire
attack my blaze. Stop it. Once I make my
helmet, dude, I'm going to get my next
ability and you guys are going down.
Dude, this blaze ability is
not I jumped over it. I also can't see.
This
sucks. Where are you? I hate that you're
Hey, don't take myself. How dare you,
Sunny? Sunny, get out of here. Lose my
stuff. Yeah, and then I'm going to take
your stupid chest plate. Hey, how's it
going? Jumped over. Can you Can you
catch on fire, please? Why are you not
catching on fire? Nope. I jumped over
it. I jumped over it.
Ow. Well done. Dude, this is terrifying.
Are you low, Sundy? Hello. Stop it. Stop
it. Stop it. Dude, this is so intense.
Why are you just all in my cave? Circle
him. Why can't Why can't I just cave in
peace?
Hold on. Hold on. I would have lived in
peace. I have a thing. I know what to
do. I know what to do. I know what to
do. Listen, listen. Listen, listen,
boys. Stop getting on fire. I'm not I'm
not I'm building up. Building up. No.
No. No. Cranking. Cranking. Easy.
Cranking. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
Cranking. No. You let him get to the
thing. What are you doing? We're fine.
We're fine. Let's go. Okay. I got the
sword made. Let's go. Boys, you need to
step back. Okay. Calm down. Because I
have an iron sword now. You're going
down, sigles, with your stupid little
air ability. Let's
go. Cindle. Cles. Giddles. Hey, how's it
going, buddy? Yeah. Give me the iron
sword. Give me that iron sword. Come
here. I don't want to die. I don't want
to lose my stuff. I'm not Hi, Sunday.
Wait.
Dude, wait. Billy, you dropped an iron
helmet. So once I put this on, boom.
Acquire full iron armor, boys. I'm not
going down there. Ability unlocked. Hey,
Sundy, do you want to fight? Sundy, I
have a Oh my. I have a fire shield.
Sundy, come here. What? No, I'm not
dying. I want to keep my stuff. Why do
you want to keep your stuff? Wait, hold
on. Hold on. Let me just test something
really quickly. If I just stand right
here and blaze attack, does it go up?
Why doesn't it go up, dude? Here. Sy.
Sundy, you like my fire shield? Do you
see it? What is that? What is that? Sy,
come down to my fire. Where you going?
Where you going? Sundy, you can't go out
much more. Sundy, come here. Come here.
And then I go blaze attack. He's on
fire. Wait, what happens if you go into
my shield? Do you Oh. Oh, no. You just
can't shoot stuff through it. And you
are dead. Ow. Okay. Way to go. Let's go.
Okay. Wait. Go acquire diamonds. What
the dude? Okay. This is not going to be
easy. You know, I'm making full iron
tools because I'm just that goated at
the game.
We were coming for you. Are you though?
Are you though? Are you guys close?
Tickle your toes, little man. Oh, you're
going to tickle my toes. Well, guess
what? I'm using Why am I using my fire
shield? I'm not even Yeah, whatever.
Okay. Do I have to go so deep to get
some diamonds? Hey, boys. You know, once
I uh get diamonds, I get my next thing,
right?
Oh, why are you here? Where are your
friends? Huh? Take my Hey, I figured out
a new cool thing with my blaze ability.
If I left click with it, it shoots it
forward. Why are you? Yeah, but I'm a
flint and steel. So, okay. Yeah, put it
down. Weird. I'm a fire bender. That's
weird. Oh, yeah. Yeah. They try to kill
me. Yeah. Yeah. Where'd you go? Bibble.
Baby, you're not going to stop me from
getting these diamonds. You're literally
on fire. Coming. Where are your friends?
Some diamonds. I found diamonds. You
found diamonds. That's That's cheating,
devil. Dynamite fire abilities. You will
perish. Oh my. I got him. Dude, are
there any? Okay, diamonds right here.
Diamonds right here. I'm grabbing these
diamonds. Grab these diamonds and
kaboom. Got it.
I know where you are. What? Of course
you do. You have a compass that
literally points to me. I got a new
ability, boys. I just need to get some
obsidian. I need to find a pit, though.
Where's Where's the lava? Lava pit. Lava
pit. Wait, I have water. Uh, excuse me.
How dare you? How? You are the meanest
little boy in the world. Okay, let me do
that. Give that. You know what
everything means. You know what I mean?
Listen, Bibble was here. Are you guys
around me, too? Be honest, man. What do
you mean? You are making me nervous
here. Wait, can I turn this all up? Do I
only have enough for one? Are you
kidding me? Why is there just a giant
hole in the water? Don't worry about
where my holes are. Oh. Oh, what? What
are you doing? I can make holes in Oh my
Wait, did you guys get an ability?
Maybe. Oh, hi. You just hold me. What
the heck was that? Flame shield. And
then I have my new ability. Flame rush
Sunday. Flame rush. What does that do? I
just shot fire at you. Hello, sir. Blaze
ability. What do you stop digging? You
just dug You just dug into diamonds. I
appreciate that. Can you stop? Can you
stop? You're in a hole, idiot. Well,
you're on fire, idiot. Take this plate.
My flame brush. I on fire. Come here.
Come here. Stop running. There's no way
you just You're fine. You're a fine
leaf. I don't even care. I'm getting
some iron right now anyways. Uh, okay. I
need to swap this. Do that. Do that. Can
you guys help me? Please do something.
I'm trying to find him. I came through
the cave, but then I did. So,
hey Z. Hi. Stop. Air punch. What' you
just shoot at me? Hello. Air punch.
Wait, wait, wait. Let me try something.
If I flame shield
Wait, did I just block your punch? Wait,
I have to like time it. Stop [__] me.
What is wrong with you? Stop [__] me.
Stop [__] me. Come here, Sydney. Get
out of here. Oh, no. I need Hello, S.
You trying to one v one the fireman?
Come here. Yeah, I am. I am. I'm lit.
Wait, why am I scared? I need I need
this diamond. Those diamonds are mine.
Thank you. Wait, somebody drop diamonds.
Hello.
I don't remember. How do you know?
There's no way. He just flame shoot.
There's no way he just did that. Your
air goes through my water. You know,
fine. I catch you don't have water.
You're fire. Okay. My bad. Well, you
died. You dropped more diamonds. Four d
Oh, those were Sundy's diamonds. Thank
you, Sundy. No, they were mine. Oh, they
were yours, are they? Hm. Okay.
this bucket. Make get a water bucket and
boom, boys. We go into the Nether. Hey,
boys. I'm mining the last piece of
obsidian. What are you guys going to do
about it? Handah. When I get back there,
I'm going to kill you and everyone
you've ever met. Oh, when you go. Oh my
gosh. What is wrong with you? Hey,
whoever dropped the uh flint and steel.
I do really appreciate that cuz boys,
we're going to the Nether, which gets me
my next ability. All right, boys. We're
in the Nether. My new ability. It's
called lightning. So, what are you guys
going to do? Why are you guys pushed me?
Why are you guys here? What is
happening? Okay, you know what? I'm
going to try this ability and let's see
what it does. What does that do? I have
no idea, but I hear a sound. What is
that noise? What's up, guys? Why am I
Why am I Why am I glowing? Hey. Oh my
gosh. Did I just shoot you off? Oh, it's
on. Oh, no. No. No. It's on. No. No. No.
No. Back up. Back up, boys. Back up.
Leave me alone. Let me alone. I think it
doesn't work in the Nether. Oh, hey. I'm
okay with that. Can you guys leave me
alone? I'm here, Z. Oh, no. Why are we
here? Why? Sentos sto I have fire and
I'm not afraid to use it. I have air and
I'm going to air out all our grievances.
Who are you? Oh my gosh. Get comboed.
Come here. No. No. Why you just shifting
in there? What are you doing? I'm scared
of you. I'm trying to use my tunneler.
Well, guess what? I uh behind you. It's
transforming. Oh my gosh. What do you
mean behind me? Leave me alone. So good.
I'm literally got the high. I need I
know you're low. I know you're so fast.
I hate that. Okay, you guys are back
there. Ow. Keep chasing me, nerd. Go
ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Okay. You
know what? Fine. I will. Here we go. And
lightning. Uh, you missed. You're an
idiot. You're an idiot. I just fell into
the lava. No. Come here. Come here. I
need to knock you out. Oh, shoot. I'm on
fire. Yes, he's on fire. Come here.
You're slow. You're slow. Wait. Can I
just rush? No, I'm not. Shoot. I hit
him. How are you not dying? How How low
are you? Be honest. I never die. There
you go, apparently. Oh my gosh. It's
okay. What are you trying to do? Yeah.
Get out of here. Get out of here. Get
out of here. No. No. No. No. I made a
mistake. I made a mistake. Fire. You're
a great dude. How are you not dying? How
much hit you have? We win. Oh my god.
Finally. Hi, Piv. How's it going? What
are you doing? Going well. What are you
doing up there? What's up? Come over
here. Come down here. Maybe I will. Come
right under. Maybe I will. Fine. Okay.
Yeah, maybe I will. Right there
underneath there. Where is he? Oh, I
just figured out how cool this lightning
ability is. Not really. It's not super
cool. Is it not that cool? Awesome.
Well, guess what? What if I just go like
a
What was that noise? I'm going to go get
my place. Why are you running back here?
No, no, it's fine. Yeah, you guys just
tower over there. I don't care. All
right, fine. I'll fight you. Lava just
biffle. How do you not learn? I'm I have
fire resistance. I am a literally a fire
bender. You have a shield. You have a
shield. That doesn't stop my lightning.
Does it not? I don't know. Oh my god.
Okay. Bye. Wait. No. The bl over here. I
need I I need Where's Sunny, by the way?
Is he still sad about his abilities? Oh,
there he is. I can't figure out my
tunnel.
I saw him, boys. Why do you want to use
your tunnel thing? The blazers are here.
Blazes. Hi. Get him. I'm going to break
that spawner. I'm going to break it.
Leave me alone. No, no, no. Back up.
Back up. Use lava yourself. Hi, Sunny.
Lava. Bye, Sunny. I'm in the lava. I'm
in the lava. Yeah, you better back up,
Sunny. Blazes, can you spawn? I'm going
to let those blazes do all the work. Oh,
you think you know the thing is that
they're not even damage cuz I literally
have Yeah, I Can you I got to kill you.
I got to kill you out of here. I got to
get you out of here. I got Oh, holy
moss. Yeah, good luck with that. I'll
Wait, I can lure him over. Uh yeah.
Yeah, you can do that. Go for it.
That'll That'll really You'll get me.
Please stop. Oh, it burnt. Come on. Stop
it. Stop leading them over here. What is
wrong with you? Come on. Let's go. Leave
me alone.
Bye.
Help me. Great job, Biff. Dude, why'd
you bring a widow scout? Okay, we're
good. Hi, Blazes. Can you guys just die
already? Just die. There we go. Boom.
And got Okay, got a blaze rod. There we
go. Okay, there we go. Got another one,
boys. I I'm leaving. I'm going to go
trade with the piglet now. And I am
going to be the most OP man ever. The
air bender. Wait, I'm a fire bender.
Don't do that. I keep forgiving. Hey,
boys. I found the things I need. Here,
boys. Take some stuff. Here, guys. Go.
Yeah. Really? Once I can use ender
pearls. Wait, I just traded with the
piglet. Does that count? They throw me a
thing. I want another ability, please.
Can I have one? You don't get one. Let's
go. It happened. Acquire an eye of
ender. Okay, that's going to be easy
peasy lemon. Freaking squeezy. Okay, you
see the count? There's Okay, there's
some down there. Hi, boys. Listen, I'm
going to grab this. Get me out of here.
Okay, bye. I I just want eyes of ender.
That's all I wanted. Why Sunday? Why do
you keep dying?
Okay, boys. So, once I can do that and
that and craft an eye, avenger. Boom. We
already did. Sundy died again. What is
wrong with Sundy? What's happening,
boys? Trying to make a point. Okay,
good. Ability locked. Ah, boys. Which
way am I going? This way. Probably a
stupid way. What do you mean? Please
drop. Please drop. Yes. Okay, drop. Full
of compass. What do you mean you're full
of compass? What does that even mean to
you? What are you implying that I'm I
don't want to go through a swamp right
now, dude. Swamps kind of suck. Don't
worry about my fishing roses. Okay,
sorry. We're good. I lost my iron sword,
by the way. I feel like I need Should I
c I should probably craft another one.
What do you mean on this way? No, I can
craft a diamond sword, actually. Here,
we're crafting a We're going to craft a
diamond sword. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom.
Boom. Now we have a Now we have a
diamond sword. I literally have a
diamond sword. So, what are you going to
do about it? H Oh, what? No, no, no, no,
no. Oh my gosh. Me, why are you guys
behind me? Wait, if I go to the water,
you got Wait, no, no, no. Water's bad
for me. Hold on. No, no, no. Get in the
water. Get in the water. Wait. Oh, are
you a water bender? Wait. Hey, get in
the water, please. Wait, I kind of want
to see yourself. I feel kind of bad
here. Yeah. Yeah. Get I'll send you to
the water. Go. Oh my. He just picked me
up. Are you kidding me? Fire
breathability.
I didn't like behind you. Fire. Get in
the water. What do you mean? Get in the
water. Behind the water. Why am Stop. I
can't be here. Water manipulation. What
is that? I don't know. Since when are
you a water bender? What the heck? I
don't know.
Cuz I don't Do you know anything about
your class? No. It literally does
nothing but make a bubble. I don't know
what you want me to attack. What the
What the bubble? You're in my bubble
now, buddy. What does the bubble do?
Done. I don't know. I don't know. Can I
I can't Dude, I can't use any of my
building. Can I use lightning action?
Hold on. Here me out. Hear me out. Here
me out.
Don't you dare. Don't you dare.
What does your thing do? I can't. I
can't.
Dude, water. Water makes all of us
exceptivival disective. Let me up here.
Oh, I think I got him. I got him. I got
him. Oh my god. I got him. I got him.
We're in the whirlpool now. Oh, thank
you. Oh my god. I'm getting yanked
around. Stop it. I don't know why he's
here. Oh, wait. Oh, Bibble actually
helped me. No, dude. Dipple made a
bubble water and it literally helped me
cuz then I could use my water or my
fire. Dude, that's so annoying. Come
here. Leave me alone. Okay, wait. No, I
I have time for it. I have time. I have
time. Boom. Boom. You have no time for
nothing. Come here. And crafting. See
you. I'm going to the end, boys. Bye. I
can swim real fast. I'm swim fast. Wait.
BL actually keeps out with
me. Leave me alone. Give me your boat.
Leave me alone. Break your boat. Break
his boat. Break. Don't break my boat.
Don't you dare break my boat.
All right, boys. I'm going to the
stronghold. Bye.
I like Biff as a water bender. That it
just makes a lot of sense. You're buns.
Hey, boys. I'm digging down. I found
where the stronghold is. H something to
stinkle about. Oh, wait. Digging
straight down for loot. Wait, that is
actually the lowest stronghold I've ever
found in my life. It was in It was in
the ocean. Oh, I got my last or my
second to last ability. Uh, hey guys. My
last goal is to get to the end and then
I just have to kill the ender dragon.
What are you guys gonna do about it?
I'll kill you. No, you're not. I'm
finding you right now. You guys are
literally not finding me. Where? Oh,
dude. Where is this portal? I need to
find this fast before the guys before
you guys catch up. Stop it. Leave me
alone. He's this way. Stop. Who do you
mean you found the compass? Is it? It's
just stuck in your hand. Okay, dude. I
need to find this. Found it. Found it.
Found it. Found it. Boys, I'm going to
get my last ability.
Yes. Boom. And let's go. Get my last
ability. Let's go. I heard that. I heard
that. What do you mean you heard it? You
didn't You didn't heard nothing. Let's
go. Wait. Last ability. What's my last
ability? Please be good. Wait. I have a
fire jet ability. What does What does
this do? What is Wait, I'm Wait, I'm
confused. How do I Do I jet? What
happened? Oh, I left click with it. Oh,
wait a minute. Hold on. Can I go like
straight up?
What do we mean together, boys? What are
you guys doing? Stop it. Leave me alone.
Are you guys here? Wait, are you guys
here? No. Wait. No. Stop. Stop it. Stop
it. No. Hold on. Hold on. Oh, wait a I I
can fly around with it. Okay, I'm I'm
figuring it out. Can you guys leave me
alone? Are you guys actually here? Yeah.
Oh, I mean I mean I mean I mean No, I
would never fly. Why would I ever do
that? Dude, hurry up. Get Flying is my
thing, nerd. You guys are freaking me
out. Stop. That's your Why are we doing
that? Why you Why are you scared? Why
you scared? Cuz you're kind of freaking
me out. Oh my gosh. I can literally
Uhoh. Okay. Well, that's good to know,
bro. I That's all I got. Wait, just I
need to find a short tower to start
getting rid of these. Okay, here we go.
It doesn't work. What? Wait, what are
you guys doing? Stop it. You're steing
me. Ah, wait. There. I see you, guys.
Hey, leave me alone. I'm flying up here.
Uh-oh. I see him flying. Yeah, he has
like how I have a cool flying ability.
Can you guys leave me alone? Cuz watch.
Look what I can do. Ow. Did you just get
him, boys? Oh, you guys got another new
ability, didn't you?
All Sunny's doing is dying to stuff.
Give me your stuff. Give me your loot.
He hasn't played Minecraft in like a
decade. That's very fair. All right, let
me just do this. Let me just do that.
Okay. Hopefully. Do I die? Please.
Please don't kill me. Oh, he's chilling.
Oh, yeah. Do you Hey, come down, Zud.
Uh, no. I'm actually good cuz I I can
actually just do this. Wait, he just fly
to the next one. What do you mean? Build
up quickly. Build up. Build up. Build
up. Build up. Build up. Build up. Build
up. No. No. Leave me alone. Get in here.
Wait. Oh, hurry. Sundy. You guys set up
a bad system, didn't you? Stop it.
Maybe. You guys are evil bad people.
Break that one. There we go. I'm
destroying everything. Let me just fly
in this. And he flew to the next one. I
burned all the way up. It's actually so
OP.
Okay. Oh. Oh. Why can't I do that? Why
can't you do that? Yeah, cuz Yeah,
that's what I'm saying. I'm the air
bender. Why can't you fly? Because I'm
literally awesome, Josh. Okay, I feel
like I need to kill you guys now. You
guys are How do you get through the
next?
Can you get me up here? He's flying to
the next one. Are you guys just trying
to catch up to me? I'm trying to build
up. I'm seeing Sundy just die over there
with like no armor. I have nothing. Why?
Why? Why? Why do you have nothing,
Sunny? Why are you so sad? We didn't
really press this enderman.
Oh my gosh. No. No. No. I'm good. I'm
good. Oh my gosh. We are so built
different. You know what? You guys want
to fight? I'll fight you guys. Here we
go. With my cool ability. Let's go.
Lightning
ability. And then I go and I use my fire
burst ability. What is this? Not if I
use it first. What does my fire ability
do off the map, dude? My fire. And then
I can go fire breath. Hey, wait. I'm
low. Why can he do that? Wait. I'm low.
I'm low. Oh no. Oh no. Killed him. I'm
good. He's going to die. He's going to
die. No, I'm good. Leave me alone. Does
anybody have food?
You just died of food. Here, Sunundy.
I'll put you out of your misery. How
about that? Oh, there we go. Oh my gosh.
Hi, Mr. Sundy. How are you?
Dead, dude. You have nothing. Don't.
Huh? Wait, what? Oh god. Bye. Great. And
then there was only one. And then there
was one, CJ. Here's the thing, Zud. I
know how to take care of you. What do
you mean? What do you mean? Stop it.
You're I don't like your throwing
abilities. It Oh my gosh. Yo,
chill. Tornado. Chill. Why? Why are you
so strong? Oh my gosh. Listen, we can
talk about this. You can be nice. Look
at the Oh no, I looked at an actual Oh,
you looked at the enderman. Wait, so did
I. Uh-oh. Oh, he died. Oh, we got to
kill the dragon. Go, go, go. And boys,
I'm getting the last tower. Let's go.
And there we go. This dragon,
let's go. Trick shot. And boop.
No. Okay, we're good. Get him, boys. I'm
I'm hitting this trick shot, boys, for
this final hit. We're doing this. You're
not hitting that trick shot. You're not
hitting it. Hey, if I kill the dragon,
do I win? Uh, you literally helped me
win if that's what you're asking. Come
on, man. Oh my. We're good. Come on, Mr.
Dragon. Here we go. Here we go. Yes. Oh
my. Wait, did it die? Is it dead? It's
still alive. Are you kidding me? Oh,
you're here. Hi. What the heck? You
know, fine. You know, I don't even care
about you cuz I'm going to do this. And
boom. Come on. We're bad. We're fine.
No, I'm not. I'm literally good. You
guys have no armor or anything. You guys
literally have no need. Oh, you don't,
do you? Come on. Get it. Get it. Come
on. Oh, did they get it? Oh, they boys,
we did it. Let's go. Hi, Mishn. No, I'm
going in here, boys. We did it. Write
the elemental